Hi and welcome back.
He's in there because so now that we have what seems to be valid inputs for CNN coming from Texas we
want to see how it does when we apply CNN to it and what will be the changes that we will have to make
in order to have CNN that works for Texas.
So for that we will use this stunning architecture of CNN for Texas and we will go through the different
steps trying to see if there is a difference between CNN for comes to vision and CNN for the so the
first question that we have to ask ourselves is what is the difference between the matrix that comes
from an image and the metrics that comes from the tests.
Well for any reach the two dimensions of the metrics mean the rows and the columns.
They actually kind of share the same role the convey the same meaning.
If you go from one element to another in your image as metrics whether you go from left to right or
from top to bottom you actually do the same thing you just move through space and you're off to going
from a big cell to another.
But that's not the same sentence because for a sentence in a matrix representation of a sentence Each
row represents a word each column well represents nothing really meaningful it's just column number
I will represent the dimension I in the vector representation of each of our words.
So if you go from an element of our matrix and we go to what's the right doesn't mean the same as going
toward the button.
So that brings a question to us does it really make sense to have a theater of size let's say two by
two and to make it go through our whole matrix from left to right and from top to bottom.
Well the answer actually is no.
Of course it makes sense to search for local features amongst small groups of words but among small
groups of embedding dimensions it doesn't make sense and even though it made sense we would not want
to do this as we also go through groups of words.
So having a small feature detector that would go through our sentence matrix in all directions would
not make sense it would not perform well.
So that is why if you have a loop here you can see that's all the feature detectors that you can see
there have the same width and this is actually the dimension of our model.
So this is the first main difference that we see matching the CNN for AP and the CNN for image is that's
our filter.
We have the same with us all.
Sentence matrix.
And it will only go through top to bottom so it will only go through groups of words.
Actually another way that we could do that and that would work perfectly well it just that in this architect.
This is what we chose.
But one other way to do that is to have feature detectors that are only vectors so instead of taking
the same with as the sentence matrix we take a width of only one and that will be OK because we just
say that there is a feature detector that works only in one dimension and we want to apply it among
all the dimensions.
This is quite different from having a filter that takes into account several dimensions at once and
shifting it's one by one given meaning to a group of dimensions.
So that's another way to do that.
That's also possible.
But we will work with filters of which the model.
Actually that's an implementation detail but that means that we want to apply as layers intensive flow
convolution all to these layers but convolution or one delay is because we will only pass the filter
among one dimension.
Another difference that we can see compared to CNN that's what I've seen before for images is that doing
the pooling phase we only take one element which means that we only take the maximum of the outputs
of our conventional face or each convolution or filter we take the maximum of the results.
It is just because in a sentence the position of the feature is less important than in an image knowing
where a feature is in a sentence is less important than knowing where it is in an image.
And more specifically the position on relations between the features that we are detecting is less important
in a text than in an image.
What we really care about is whether the feature is activated somewhere in the sentence or not.
And finally if we have a look at the convolution or face you can see that we can see different types
of features that AP and they have different size.
And the reason is that in this architecture what they decided to do is that they want to apply filters
of different size for the CNN architecture that we saw before for the images all our filters had the
same size.
But here we will have three different sides of filters.
We have filters that will have a height of four others those that will have height of three and all
those that we have high of two.
So that means that we wanted to detect local filters in groups of two words three words and forwards.
And of course same thing as for images for each side of data.
We will have several filters several types of those feature detectors that of course the model we learned
to tune during the training process.
So hey they say that we have two different filters of size for two different features of size three
and two different filters of size two but in all implementation we can add many more photos.
Of course we will use for instance 50 filters for group of forwards 50 filters for a group of three
words and sending four groups of two which so this just comes from the realization that that's in all
language.
Some information is conveyed by group of two words some are conveyed by a group of more words.
And so it's clever to actually try to detect features and to find useful information in groups of words
of different size.
Finally last more detail is that as we apply ones you can volitional layers instead of to decode volitional
layers.
The output is not a matrix it's a vector.
So we don't need a flattening phase as we did four images.
We just need to concatenate all of our results in order to have a vector that we can give to a feed
for a network.
So that was it for the differences between CNN for images and for text.
The main thing to keep in mind is that as rows and columns don't have the same meaning in the matrix
for a sentence we need to change the way we apply conversational filters.
So in this example we apply them only among the dimension that represents the sequence of words and
the width is exactly the dimension of our embedding.
So that's the main thing to keep in mind.
Others are implementing detail that we will see again during the applications.
That actually is the next spots because we are done here with the intuition of CNN for A.P. so we will
implement this very architecture and what we will implement is a sentimental analyzer.
So an AI that will tell us whether any text any sentence conveys a positive or negative sentiments and
negative feeling that can be for in any moderation tasks in forms or in charts or whatever.
Also if you're going to want to know what people think of its new products on Twitter for instance you
can use this to automatically detect whether the thing good or bad of these brands.
So hope you are excited about that.
Let's start off first obligation right now and see you soon.